Come
Your name is Ma Liang, right?
A little skill
The baby bird princess is also hidden
The outside world says that the Rakshasa Kingdom does not respect Taoism and law
Not at first sight today
If this princess doesn't have the right to do it
Isn't it just like those inferior people?
Sophie, the third leader of the Rebellion
So be it.
Don't insult our rebel army
To kill to cut
Whatever you want.
Humph kill you
You are so funny
I don't even want to arrest you.
I thought it was okay to keep it for fun
It's a pity, I can only say it's a pity
Ma Liang doesn't give this princess a chance?
Little bird princess, are you too confident?
You've known my brother for so many years
You should also know that we practice immortal magic
So what?
Heavenly Court Zhengshen is still the consort of this princess
And so it did.
So is there any preferential treatment for me to surrender now?
Privilege, of course.
You can have this horse trace too
Does it count as preferential treatment?